chore(docs, styles): add .form-check-sm class to htmlcss checkbox and add size variant on stories (#7211)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/checkbox/checkbox.docs.mdx

</post-banner>

<Canvas of={checkboxStories.Grouped} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={checkboxStories.Grouped} />
</div>

### Inline

To show the checkboxes inline, just add the `.form-check-inline` class to each of the checkboxes in a group.

> Use the small variant `.form-check-sm` combined with the `.form-check-inline` class to render small checkboxes in an inline group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combine it with the small variant `.form-check-sm`  to render small checkboxes in an inline group.
```
